Refactor docs to use new Load interface (#4080)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/tutorials/image.md

 *
 * @param filename Name of the image file.
 * @param matrix Matrix to load the image into.
 * @param opts An object of ImageOptions class.
 * @return Boolean value indicating success or failure of load.
 */
template<typename eT>
bool Load(const std::string& filename,
          arma::Mat<eT>& matrix,
          ImageOptions& opts);
```

> Loading a test image is shown below. It also fills up the `ImageInfo` class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading a test image is shown below. It also fills up the `ImageOptions` class

```

object.

```c++
mlpack::ImageOptions opts = mlpack::NoFatal + mlpack::Transpose;
Load("test_image.png", matrix, opts);
```

> `ImageInfo` requires height, width, number of channels of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ImageOptions` requires height, width, and the number of channels of the image.

```
